README.md, before:

# Codex Launcher - IntelliJ Plugin

[![Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/version-1.1.8-blue.svg)](https://github.com/x0x0b/codex-launcher/releases)
[![IntelliJ IDEA](https://img.shields.io/badge/IntelliJ%20IDEA-2024.2+-orange.svg)](https://www.jetbrains.com/idea/)
[![Ask DeepWiki](https://deepwiki.com/badge.svg)](https://deepwiki.com/x0x0b/codex-launcher)

<img width="800" alt="The screenshot of Codex Launcher." src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/4ee3fbd8-e384-4672-94c6-e4e9041a8e0d" />

Codex Launcher is an **unofficial** IntelliJ IDEA plugin that keeps the OpenAI Codex CLI one click away inside the IDE.

> **Important:** Install the [OpenAI Codex CLI](https://github.com/openai/codex) separately before using this plugin.

> **For Windows users:** Please select your terminal shell in the plugin settings to ensure proper functionality. Go to _Settings (→ Other Settings) → Codex Launcher_.

## ✨ Features

- **One-click launch** from the toolbar or Tools menu
- **Integrated terminal** that opens a dedicated "Codex" tab in the project root
- **Completion notifications** after Codex CLI finishes processing the current run
- **Automatic file opening** for files updated by Codex
- **Built-in MCP server pairing** with guided setup for IntelliJ's MCP server (2025.2+)
- **Flexible configuration** for launch modes, models, and notifications

## 🛠️ Installation

### Prerequisites
- IntelliJ IDEA 2024.2 or later (or other compatible JetBrains IDEs)
- OpenAI Codex CLI installed and available in your system PATH

### Installation
[![Install Plugin](https://img.shields.io/badge/Install%20Plugin-JetBrains-orange?style=for-the-badge&logo=jetbrains&logoColor=white)](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/28264-codex-launcher)

## 🚀 Usage

### Quick Start
1. Click the **Launch Codex** button in the main toolbar.
2. Or choose **Tools** → **Launch Codex**.
3. The integrated terminal opens a new "Codex" tab and runs `codex` automatically.

### Configuration
Open **Settings (→ Other Settings) → Codex Launcher** to pick the launch mode, model, notification behavior, and auto-open options.

## 📝 Development

### Building from Source
```bash
git clone https://github.com/x0x0b/codex-launcher.git
cd codex-launcher
./gradlew buildPlugin
```

## 📄 License

This project is licensed under the terms specified in the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file.

Commit message:

feat: Implement interactive diff view and revert for Codex CLI output
Introduces a new interactive diff view and a revert capability for changes proposed by the Codex CLI.

The Codex CLI currently applies changes directly to files without pre-change hooks or structured output for proposed
edits. To address this, a "terminal hacking" approach was adopted:

- **Terminal Output Parsing:** The plugin now monitors the terminal buffer and parses the CLI's interactive output,
  specifically the "Would you like to make the following edits?" sections. This requires the terminal output to be
  unpaginated or use a pager like `cat` to ensure the full content is available for scraping.
- **Just-in-Time Snapshotting:** File states are captured from the disk just before (or as soon as) Codex indicates its
  intent to modify files. This enables a robust revert mechanism.
- **Native Diff UI:** The parsed information is used to reconstruct a suggested file version, which is then displayed i
  IntelliJ's native diff viewer for side-by-side comparison.

This feature significantly enhances user control and safety by providing a clear preview and an undo option for
Codex-generated changes.

README.md, after:

# Codex Launcher - IntelliJ Plugin

[![Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/version-1.1.8-blue.svg)](https://github.com/x0x0b/codex-launcher/releases)
[![IntelliJ IDEA](https://img.shields.io/badge/IntelliJ%20IDEA-2024.2+-orange.svg)](https://www.jetbrains.com/idea/)
[![Ask DeepWiki](https://deepwiki.com/badge.svg)](https://deepwiki.com/x0x0b/codex-launcher)

<img width="800" alt="The screenshot of Codex Launcher." src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/4ee3fbd8-e384-4672-94c6-e4e9041a8e0d" />

Codex Launcher is an **unofficial** IntelliJ IDEA plugin that keeps the OpenAI Codex CLI one click away inside the IDE.

> **Important:** Install the [OpenAI Codex CLI](https://github.com/openai/codex) separately before using this plugin.

> **For Windows users:** Please select your terminal shell in the plugin settings to ensure proper functionality. Go to _Settings (→ Other Settings) → Codex Launcher_.

## ✨ Features

- **One-click launch** from the toolbar or Tools menu
- **Integrated terminal** that opens a dedicated "Codex" tab in the project root
- **Completion notifications** after Codex CLI finishes processing the current run
- **Automatic file opening** for files updated by Codex
- **Optional diff viewer** that shows changes for updated files
- **Built-in MCP server pairing** with guided setup for IntelliJ's MCP server (2025.2+)
- **Flexible configuration** for launch modes, models, and notifications

## 🛠️ Installation

### Prerequisites
- IntelliJ IDEA 2024.2 or later (or other compatible JetBrains IDEs)
- OpenAI Codex CLI installed and available in your system PATH

### Installation
[![Install Plugin](https://img.shields.io/badge/Install%20Plugin-JetBrains-orange?style=for-the-badge&logo=jetbrains&logoColor=white)](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/28264-codex-launcher)

## 🚀 Usage

### Quick Start
1. Click the **Launch Codex** button in the main toolbar.
2. Or choose **Tools** → **Launch Codex**.
3. The integrated terminal opens a new "Codex" tab and runs `codex` automatically.

### Configuration
Open **Settings (→ Other Settings) → Codex Launcher** to pick the launch mode, model, notification behavior, and auto-open options.

## 📝 Development

### Building from Source
```bash
git clone https://github.com/x0x0b/codex-launcher.git
cd codex-launcher
./gradlew buildPlugin
```

## 📄 License

This project is licensed under the terms specified in the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file.
